Jessica Freeman: Good morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good morning. How are you
All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on, I gotta get my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bluetooth connected
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I switch it back and forth from my computer to my phone.
Jessica Freeman: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you
Jessica Freeman: Okay, how about you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's your how's your week. Oh.
Jessica Freeman: Well,
Jessica Freeman: It's going ok
Jessica Freeman: Kieran Kieran had a really, really high fever yesterday and all of last night and
Jessica Freeman: He came and crawl into bed with me in about 5am he was burning up he had like it was almost 103 degrees. And it was like that all day yesterday and it wouldn't come down with Motrin or
Jessica Freeman: Tylenol just would not come down. So I gave him, you know, a tepid bath. A couple times and I did, you know, push fluids and he was still making urine. So it's like, Okay, I'm just, you know, hope for the best. You what I can manage. But about 630 his fever finally broke
Jessica Freeman: And he's back in the normal 9899 range. Now,
Jessica Freeman: He's still
Jessica Freeman: In my bed. He's been in my bed like all day yesterday and it's only nine but he hasn't moved and he hasn't drank anything's morning
Jessica Freeman: He hasn't eaten anything yet. So my mom's coming over to try to man like monitor him while I'm doing this. And then my meeting afterwards.
Jessica Freeman: So it's been a little rough like I've been really worried really worried because I don't want to have to take him to a hospital. Like, I don't want to expose him. I've been so careful like so careful to not expose him to anything. And so
Jessica Freeman: I know it's just been a rough couple days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You remember a couple week or so ago you were taking him to virtual doctor because of his ears. Right. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, and he's on an antibiotic, and he was back to normal. But he was fine.
Jessica Freeman: And then yesterday, just his fever just spiked. I mean, I mean, he was back to normal and then out of the blue. He has a fever spike.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm going to finish out the antibiotics and hopefully, hopefully, everything's okay now. Now this the fever broke. I hope it doesn't go back up, then I've just been worried
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't blame you. I would be to
Jessica Freeman: You know, if I have to get him seen like that's a whole nother ball of problems that I just don't want it.
Jessica Freeman: So I'm glad it finally broke
Jessica Freeman: But I'm kind of tired, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so you know when you're in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That state.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you got to really be careful. You got to watch you know how you talk to people because it'd be easy to snap, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I mean really talk to anybody. I mean, it's just
Jessica Freeman: I'm home all the time.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, can nobody else and then we
Jessica Freeman: I mean mom and Bob like we went over there for dinner the other night, and I know they're being really careful to and you know they're the constant in our life. You know, we see them.
Jessica Freeman: All the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: If not every day, every other day, I just, I hope you didn't catch anything. I don't know. I'm just
Jessica Freeman: I'm worried about my little boy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I don't blame you. I would be to, you know, it's our natural state when something's not right with our babies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Jessica Freeman: Especially now you know because you you'd like under typical circumstances you would
Jessica Freeman: Be like, okay, well he's sick. I'm going to take him to the doctor or he's, you know, really sick is fevered high. We're going to go to the ER. You know, I don't want to go anywhere. I don't want to take him anywhere.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and I would just wait and see and play it out and it might just be the end result of any infection that was coming up on his ears, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mother had to go through that last little hurdle in order to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Start getting better. You know when you we put antibiotics in our body. It's because it's fighting something for us right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we think about that, and sometimes our bodies. You know what either reject the antibiotics or fight it a little bit, you know, you got three things going on that's fighting each other in there. So, you know, I would just kind of wait and see.
Jessica Freeman: And I mean I educated myself, you know, I looked at several different websites about, you know, what causes high fevers and children, and then you know when to worry how to manage it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So good.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, I mean, I think I did everything right. Like I wouldn't change anything that I've done, and the fever finally broke so that makes me feel a lot of relief.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely I don't blame you.
Jessica Freeman: I hosted and chaired a meeting yesterday.
Jessica Freeman: Right, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Zoom Zoom meeting. Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: Yeah, well, my, my downtown Indy group, you know that meets every day at noon eastern 10 for me. I'm
Jessica Freeman: One of the I used to be a secretary at that meeting and I had to give up my position when I moved
Jessica Freeman: So they asked, they asked me if I could cover one day, I was like, absolutely. So maybe I'll cover it again. I'm actually supposed to share a meeting tonight. It's not the downtown, meaning it's a different
Jessica Freeman: It's a different, but I'm not sure I have to get in touch with that girl and ask questions. But anyway, stay involved.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which helps you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My
Jessica Freeman: readings are a big help, especially with those people. You know, I know I can count on like really good solid stuff from them.
Jessica Freeman: You know, because they've been in recovery, a long time.
Jessica Freeman: Hang on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, go check them.
Jessica Freeman: What's the matter,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does it still have a view.
Jessica Freeman: It's only like 99 right now. Let me check with my mom what her. She says she's on her way. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have the opportunity to get back in to see the virtual doctor today for him.
Jessica Freeman: I mean I can try that. But like at this point. I feel like he needs to be seen like we already did that. And it's not working. So maybe something else is is wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jessica Freeman: I mean, the fever broke. Okay, I don't know what he's upset about right now. He won't drink anything. His lips are all chapped. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. And I need my mom to get here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: maybe it'd be a good idea to take him in maybe call ahead of time and let them know what's going on with them and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Find out what it is that they suggest that you do, since you've already pretty much done everything you know
Jessica Freeman: No. What's wrong with him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you know, he definitely doesn't come with a book that says if the symptoms come. This is what's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is the guesswork.
Jessica Freeman: Do you want me what do
Jessica Freeman: I need to do anything to do with him.
Jessica Freeman: Can I like check back in when my mom gets here. I'm sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no, no, don't you worry about it. I want you to take care of him and relieve your stress. This is important if you get an opportunity to some time today. You can email me. You can check back in with VC and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me just let me know that you're okay and that he's okay.
Jessica Freeman: Okay.
Jessica Freeman: I don't have your email address.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's our NBA and revenue.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: first initial last name.
Jessica Freeman: R and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: R EV en s
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay at bright heart health.com. Okay. Okay.
Jessica Freeman: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good luck and I will talk to you later.
Jessica Freeman: Thanks. Bye.
Bye.